Dawn Ninham: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Dawn Ninham: I'm all right. I want to thank today, bad, bad, bad toothache.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, when are you going to get into the dentists.
Dawn Ninham: My husband is actually working on our van right now.
Dawn Ninham: I see my lawyer yesterday, and it was horrible dude like heat. He tried. He told me
Dawn Ninham: That the court, the judge usually goes with
Dawn Ninham: CW.
Dawn Ninham: Recommendation which is horrible, like that's a success. Like why would he go with their recommendation. When I have so much so I got to print out all my proof that I have
Dawn Ninham: Like where she says, like when she knew. We're going out of town, and it kept our color and then I got to print out, um,
What else was it
Dawn Ninham: Oh, oh, that
Dawn Ninham: The AR D counselor at open doors so that you that bright heart is a joke that all it is is I get my medication through there and there's no groups, no therapist and nothing
Dawn Ninham: And I'm like, wait a second, why yes there. I know for a factor is so I got to get proof from you guys. Yes, we can get a letter from you guys. I have court next Friday. So I told my, see the doctor Friday this Friday. And then I was looking yesterday, but I had to see him yesterday so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I get
Dawn Ninham: A letter stating that like when I started, which they told me it was the 27th of September and that yeah there is a group and I do see a therapist or service.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Dawn Ninham: Well kings, a proof and hopefully
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny that they think that Bret Hart's a joke.
Dawn Ninham: In a pod camp counselor.
Dawn Ninham: As because she thought she was going to lose her job and she went over to go into the group there she was like my confidentiality, she was telling your body my business.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say can always file an ethics complaint against her.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, I didn't know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. If she was taking your information in and giving it to other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can file it with whoever's to certified through, whether it be see cap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or there's one more ca PT TP
Dawn Ninham: Home. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just find out where she got her credentialing through and then you call them and tell them that you, you know, want to make a complaint unconfident
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, because I still have my messages from the girl that was texting me saying that's not what Tony saying like, what the hell's going on here.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, this you know our meeting today. It won't take very long. I just got some questions to ask you. And this is, that's what I love about bright heart is that everything's being recorded so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we, as I ask you the questions and you answer it just makes the whole process go easier. So you're not waiting on me to type all your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Answers, which is really kind of cool.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I remember that I did do a questionnaire thing where it takes an hour and a half on the phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, might be the one that you're talking about.
Dawn Ninham: Yes, you have to get all that it took me an hour and a half. But he asked me all kinds of questions about alcohol drug use.
Dawn Ninham: Cigarettes and oh
Dawn Ninham: Do you mental or physical abuse. Yeah, but you adapt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are called your two aces. It's a substance abuse history that's different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a little bit different than this one. This one's very easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the first question is, what brings you to treatment and why now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Dawn Ninham: Because I was in 2004 I got put on Narcos and I was in shall we move back, chest, can I was trying to work, we're homeless. And so in my leg have bone disease or called
Know meniscus.
Dawn Ninham: Either kneecap. So that's like bone on bone. And so to get up actually physically move around is is hard. So they put me on Narcos anyway for the pain and I wasn't doing qualify for your kneecap replacement to 4545 yet.
Dawn Ninham: So that's what I was doing to work. And then, I presume, like, you know, six, seven years later, I became so addicted to I was my 10th day Poppins six a time and then
Dawn Ninham: My husband thought men are you ever going to quit taking pills and I thought there would never be but luckily I came back to this town today. I heard about Sachsen
Dawn Ninham: And and then I started buying off the street, so I told myself, and then pretty sure
Dawn Ninham: I
Dawn Ninham: Had gone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I missed the last piece or kids had to go what
Dawn Ninham: My kids got took it for me. When my son was born.
Dawn Ninham: And then so I didn't want me to join the program at Suboxone program over open door, which I did.
Dawn Ninham: Then I'm
Dawn Ninham: Just, I was just doing the program. And then finally let you know everything in, you know, kicking in everything that all the feeds, although some people have to stay in and probably started sharing my stories.
Dawn Ninham: But then I started realizing that was you know after. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I was the program. I wasn't able to get back in. They said wait 30 days be clean 30 days like it by Kim. They never let me back in so
Dawn Ninham: I just
Dawn Ninham: And I found out about bright heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. Sorry. You keep freezing on me. So I'm not sure if you're still there, still, still talking, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you've told me most of your history with substances. What age were you when you first experience with substances and what was it,
Dawn Ninham: Um, alcohol, probably
Dawn Ninham: That was at a show or maybe you're 14 1314. I don't know. Okay. What else do
Dawn Ninham: Beer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then throughout your teenage
Dawn Ninham: Which is alcohol, smoking weed and then
Dawn Ninham: Started doing math like like a Chatham House. My aunt was probably
Dawn Ninham: 1717 yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And then what what age were you on the opiates.
Dawn Ninham: Oh geez, I don't even know what age I was. I know it was 2004
Dawn Ninham: I know okay yeah 2004 to 2011 yeah okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And then the next is any treatment in history for substance abuse or mental health.
Dawn Ninham: Like mental health. I kill myself when I was 1760 or 70 and that was it was just a verbal my own called on the end that
Dawn Ninham: And then I had a nervous breakdown in 2006
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, six. I went to mental health. And so, and then I was seeing, seeing somebody ever since then and then they put me on. I finally got a disability was
Dawn Ninham: Because I like Allison, I became like I used to work at because he knows everything, like raw log people and then all of a sudden I just asked my mental break time like phobia. Like I because I do like a complex are walking in public, which is a lot of my problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're diagnosed with
Dawn Ninham: What were you diagnosed with oh agoraphobia, and
Dawn Ninham: physical, mental, and my mental ones was
Dawn Ninham: Depression major depression and
Dawn Ninham: Oh my gosh, I can't remember. I have much paperwork somewhere, let's see. Oh, third jewelry or
Dawn Ninham: Third Generation Bipolar two,
Dawn Ninham: Okay, I'm
Dawn Ninham: On ADHD.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And, um,
Dawn Ninham: But HCM project.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've had only one suicide attempt.
Dawn Ninham: Twice I think actually what maybe twice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And where they just thoughts or with a attempts
Dawn Ninham: Of the second one was an attempt
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And can I ask how you tried to what your plan was and how you were attempting
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I was. I was going to film, which would luckily I didn't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any current service. I thought
Dawn Ninham: Like bought or like, like I just don't know. Like, I don't think I like I worried about, like, if I if I indefinitely lose my kids forever. Like, I just want to put your force to be a mom. So I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, can I just tell you that as long as you keep doing the next right thing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get gather the information and the proof. I mean, one thing about working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Children Services in the state is that you always have to continually prove yourself right and so as long as you have that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Information with you as long as you continually do this at work, you're, you know, there's no reason you know unless you keep you know unless you keep using and you have an unsafe environment. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like see people get their children back and they were living in a shelter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So as long as yeah because
Dawn Ninham: Because they come back.
Dawn Ninham: After, after the last real so
Dawn Ninham: You know if she didn't believe we didn't believe because you want to hear fall goal. And I was like, I couldn't understand why. And then you know she didn't believe he didn't believe me, and then still after all that, like 28 days later I use because that my medicine for a week.
Dawn Ninham: Which sucks because then, now, now I have you know me. Now I know that I didn't hear forklift wiki dirty so
Dawn Ninham: But they're not pushing it. But still, like, presuming go to court and they said that they're gonna they might turn it services, which means I can pay for anything like they don't pay for it anyways.
Dawn Ninham: But yeah, this last six months has been four months been helpful that we had a car but six months, we have one worker and she was her everything about her just weird different
Dawn Ninham: So I'm just hoping and praying that
Dawn Ninham: That he gives me like a jam camp.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every. It was like a Kansas.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will to just got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to keep doing the deals on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just got it. And there's going to be hard times like this there is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's going to be times when you want to give up. Don't give up. No matter what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. And any any self harm and your history.
Dawn Ninham: Just like mentally like I could have to start thinking positive, you know, means to be positive all time and if I
Dawn Ninham: Stay positive, then
Dawn Ninham: You know your everything like stays good
Dawn Ninham: I used to think negative all the time. Oh my god. It was horrible.
Dawn Ninham: I noticed how different
Dawn Ninham: My kids were acting around me. You know, I didn't realize it time which all the classes. Yeah. Wow.
Dawn Ninham: It does have an effect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does um any homicidal thoughts or behaviors.
Dawn Ninham: What homicidal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you yeah killer, the people
Dawn Ninham: Oh wait, no. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any. Okay, tell me with your medical and your medical history, what is going on with you physically
Dawn Ninham: I have a supposed to have hernia surgery. I've already gotten a tubal ligation. But I just don't have kids. I have three boys since then.
Dawn Ninham: I have dinner bone disease and just one
Dawn Ninham: There's a couple decider.
Dawn Ninham: Pinched or something or
Dawn Ninham: Oh, it was there. And then there's, um, no.
I'm
Dawn Ninham: just supposed to be seeing a mental you know somebody for for my mentors.
Dawn Ninham: Just my medication which at the open door. It was like the same lady that was taken my stuff. They had given my god counselor or my appointments should give my Ad Council of the
Dawn Ninham: Card for my for my new appointment, but like that's not giving it to me. So I didn't know I had an appointment. It's like Thrall teaming up together and you don't like not wanting me to succeed.
Dawn Ninham: You gotta tell me about my point is, you want me to make it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, I got to know in order for me to be able to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Several appointments and I've made them. I didn't even know about the appointment, but how am I supposed to prove that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm tell me about the next part is your history and your family unit growing up, did your parents stay together throughout your life where you adopted by many siblings.
Dawn Ninham: I'm wondering, brother. I have
Dawn Ninham: A sister started to stepsisters um, my mom left my father was, she was like, well, nice to, I guess, and then
Dawn Ninham: I can't remember for 10 years old back nothing so
Dawn Ninham: I just know that we lived in
Dawn Ninham: An apartment, I guess. And then I go and so my mom married this one guy, he's a really good guy. That's my dad, my father still alive. My mother died just
Dawn Ninham: What six years ago now. She died it 50
Dawn Ninham: Or 60 sure but all sudden just died. Um, my grandmother's dead, she just died last year.
Dawn Ninham: All my family's like dropping off man Kelly died last year.
Dawn Ninham: Um,
Dawn Ninham: But yeah, I was just her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health or substance abuse within your family.
Dawn Ninham: My whole family like none of them were none of them did drugs or I'll call it was a mental. You know, like I'm
Dawn Ninham: Like I'm at any kind of ADHD or OCD depression.
Dawn Ninham: Bipolar, all that kind of oh yeah bipolar, all that kind of stuff. Random my family. So it didn't hit me like a 12 like 28
Dawn Ninham: Or at least I didn't notice it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And what about it's going back further. How was school for you. And did you graduate. Did you have a learning disability.
Dawn Ninham: I didn't graduate, I am actually I was in like the title one for reading and
Dawn Ninham: I knew how to do the homework. I just didn't I wasn't comfortable going to school, like, um, I just felt really uncomfortable all the time. So I just leave and make up something like I feel good or
Dawn Ninham: And then when I went to a huge goal like downtown because
Dawn Ninham: I have friends for
Dawn Ninham: My Account. Oh my god. Like, that's when I realized how many kids are know what I just I'd always bail and wouldn't go to school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any legal issues pending charges.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Passes
Dawn Ninham: Legal stuff. Oh, we only have my kids are actually I'm I think I've gotten drunk one time and I don't know when I was eating tells them.
Dawn Ninham: Let's see 2000
Dawn Ninham: I'm not sure when 15 or 1413 maybe I had gotten picked up for drinking or whatever. And I was drunk and I only remember. So, and then when I got the answer that.
Dawn Ninham: I had a
Dawn Ninham: Personality pipe on me. And I don't remember any of that either because I didn't even use that
Dawn Ninham: But apparently that's what I had on the end. So I did a probation three years probation and I tested for, I don't even know I'm 30 times. I don't know. And so they let me off of the testing part and then I graduated that so they took off my record which was cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is cool. I didn't remember
Dawn Ninham: Yes, I remember what happened anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead.
Dawn Ninham: I'm trying to think, what else. Oh yeah, I only I only had two little there is one I just stole a car, but not really starts to give me the keys.
Dawn Ninham: And then it will require back and didn't let me know that she turned in stolen and I live way out of town didn't know she wanted it back so
Dawn Ninham: Grand Theft Auto does my very first ever case average house County and then boom, all of a sudden, my friends to a person bar. And so I got an accomplished charge. That's why I like reading come over here.
Dawn Ninham: But that's all I got.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, and then financial stressors.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, I'm
Dawn Ninham: Not my, my boyfriend. I've been with for 16 and a half years. He worked at McDonald's and get full time job and I just also security. I just, I paid my bills and and get what I need the house, then whatever HAVE LEFTOVERS. You know, we decide either go out to eat or but not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and so you have a partner. And how long have you been with this partner six
Dawn Ninham: Almost seven years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 17 years a long time.
Dawn Ninham: Oh yeah, log data. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how many children do you have
Dawn Ninham: I have seven total but to Marty adults 123 22
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then the
Dawn Ninham: in foster care. I took care of him when she was like two months old, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, and then the you have four other children that are in foster care at this moment five that you're fighting for.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, fighting for five plus my grandson.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Is there anything else that you think is important that we know about you.
Um,
Dawn Ninham: I don't know. I'm actually like a really good person. We try to promote positive. I don't like physical violence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, what is it, what are some of the things that you would like to work on in therapy.
Dawn Ninham: Um,
Probably my
Dawn Ninham: Probably just my
Dawn Ninham: To stay positive me. I gotta keep on telling myself just the right thoughts, you know, I mean, because I'm I need to get my fix, but
Dawn Ninham: So I can be happy if I'm happy with myself. I'll be a happier person all around.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So changing thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To positive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Self esteem and self worth. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you can think of at the moment.
Dawn Ninham: No other dog. Oh, psychologist lady that I think learns or whatever in October. She said that if I can remember from 10 years old back, it's probably best that I didn't
Dawn Ninham: My mind probably told you. I mean, I don't remember that. It's probably better than I've been trying to dig it up.
Dawn Ninham: Just by better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so what we want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we want to do is really treatment plan, you know, your cognitive thought process changing your thoughts from negative to positive and really kind of focus on that and building your self esteem and allowing you the forum to be able to process what you're going through with the state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you have that support and. And the idea would be for you. The goal would be for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: start practicing what we're what we, you and I are going to be working on in these individual sessions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To your day to day life. And so being able to notice a difference. Probably two out of three times a day with some of the things that we're going to work on and really building, you know, your self worth, and your self esteem and putting different things in place to help you work on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will be what we, you and I do, when is the best time to meet with you and I, on a weekly basis.
Dawn Ninham: Morning really good, but lately. I think it's just because
Dawn Ninham: I'm an over sleeping. You know, like, well, because he gets off work at 2AM. So when he gets home. Boom. You know, he walks in and we talk of course. And then, and then. So finally we get back to sleep like 330 or, you know, three or 330 and then
Dawn Ninham: I've sleeping until like 11 because I don't have any like responsibilities. I don't you know get I usually would be getting up at five, six and take my kids to school and, you know, doing all my morning things and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just sleep around the clock. Okay, so
Dawn Ninham: But then, my legs are so bad. So cool. Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which makes it tough, it's hard to go out and walk. Whenever you, you know, yeah, whenever you've got that issue so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't we schedule you for reoccurring individual sessions on Wednesdays at 11
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, what does that work.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what I will do is I don't have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: If I don't have a fax number, like how would I get
Dawn Ninham: A letter from you guys dating or maybe, I don't know if it wouldn't be better on email or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It could do it in an email fashion or they can send it directly to if you have a release of information with bright heart than they can do it directly to the courts but you actually want to copy of that yourself to hold on to.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I think so. If I can send it to me. I could probably go the mail room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or something, you can go the library and print it out or you can go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every yeah library you can usually do that kind of stuff to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, good, because I got to go through all the stuff you know my
Dawn Ninham: Everything because they want to prove that I'm like, How could she contradict yourself to those 21 test unless I'm six months. I'm like what I'm like, there's been 21 tested last 18 months.
Dawn Ninham: I'm like, but there's not not last six months. And he's all, can you prove that I said yeah
Dawn Ninham: I can prove it. I can pull up that Northcote telescreen chart and then boom, they'll tell me you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything.
Dawn Ninham: Every day, the list of color show
Dawn Ninham: Okay, print it out. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: So I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to email them or I'm going to text them right now and ask them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If they will get a letter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ready an email to you.
Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, just like when I started in that
Dawn Ninham: And that there is groups because I can't believe that ladies telling them, there's no groups and there's no
Dawn Ninham: An entity as a therapist. I'm not sure what John's name was the guy that I see that I see on Fridays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's a doctor, doctor.
Uh huh.
Dawn Ninham: John with him. Is he is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is he a wet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're breaking out. It's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's probably
Dawn Ninham: Dr. PACHTER use the doctor he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He is a doctor, Dr. Wagner is a doctor and I am a substance abuse counselor certified in the state of California and Oregon and Washington actually
Dawn Ninham: Didn't uh
Dawn Ninham: Huh oh my god, it wasn't
Dawn Ninham: She wasn't a Vancouver.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, see, I lived over the bridge. I lived in a story, Oregon, so over the bridge is Long Beach and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably about 80 miles away 60 miles away from Vancouver.
Dawn Ninham: Actually, yeah, the way they know your city.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we kind of go through this year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm writing this for her really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Dawn Ninham: Group.
Dawn Ninham: Cool that I can go print it out and then I'll have all everything that I absolutely need for
Dawn Ninham: Any your core. But he's he's like he's always always good with with
Dawn Ninham: Recommending what they recommend. I'm like, How did you that like for me.
Dawn Ninham: Personally, I'm really, really trying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and that's why
Dawn Ninham: Social Worker last six months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's why it's so important that you keep your documentation together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you gather your information, you keep your documentation together, you make sure that when you go into court that you give her a copy, and that you keep a copy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that she Oh no. So she can't say that things have been lost because they have big huge workloads. So, you know, you want to make sure she has that. But you have a copy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that way. You've got everything that he's asked you for at hand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's vitally important. And you know your worker right now. Yeah, she's an advocate for the courts and they really have this whole perception that you have to prove you're guilty until proven innocent.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it. Part of it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Part of that is just because with, you know, a lot of the people that they do work. Work with that's exactly what it is is that they're playing the system and play in the system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So a lot harder for people that are actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learning. Yeah. Yeah. And so you just know that that it's nothing personal. It's just their experience and you just you know will work on how to work with workers as well. And the other thing can be frustrating.
Dawn Ninham: My last one was awesome. Like everything
Dawn Ninham: She wrote a report was was
Dawn Ninham: Was wonderful because that's who we are, you know, like there wasn't anything negative about us just that we had that relapse relapse that actually the first six months of our RC. We got our kids back
Dawn Ninham: But my husband went to court because you will earn my boyfriend, because my teenage daughter didn't want to come back to this little motor home.
Dawn Ninham: should want to see if she can stay in court, a state in the foster care for another week until we bought our motorhome and then tell support to our money.
Dawn Ninham: So he didn't get the motor on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Dawn Ninham: He's kicking this off in the bucket. He wished he wouldn't have ever done that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that you know right it's going on in your life right now if there's an ending to it.
Dawn Ninham: It's just going to take a lot of work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to get to the you know that place where it's over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that and don't give up. No matter what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, and let's just work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting you coping skills to deal with the high stress that you're in and and helping you build you because a better you means a better better mom.
A better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A better, the better ability to deal with other people. You know better ability, you know, one thing that's really, really important is when you're doing the next, next thing, Don, you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have nothing to defend it anymore and you have nothing to fear. If you're doing the steps that you're asked to do. You've, you've held on to all of your proof.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that when there's questions you've got it to show
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have nothing to defend anymore and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a thought that you've just got to keep telling yourself as long as you're doing the next thing you're staying sober attending groups doing what you're supposed to be doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: walking the walk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does get better. It's just a hard road and I get that.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, so I'm gonna let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just sent the the request for them to email you the letters so look for them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have you on my schedule to meet with me weekly on Wednesdays at 11am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, great. And I still see Dr. On Fridays.
Dawn Ninham: At 11
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now he won't be a group tomorrow. It'll just be me. Okay, so, and then whatever you I get from you guys tomorrow I'll email him and let him know I'll give him the updates. So if anybody needs any refills or anything, I'll let him know. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Don, I will say, I might have to go
Dawn Ninham: Also my teeth five 715 every rolling or five every rolling 75 days. So I might have to call it two weeks worth of one week for us that we can pick them up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just let me know. I'm in group tomorrow, and I'll gather all the information and get it to him from everybody that shows in group. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Great. I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. In the meantime, I'm breathe. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on actually okay
Get that to fix day
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye. I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.